from its beginning as a land-grant
institution
uw-madison has had a commitment to
environmental stewardship and serving
communities across our state here in
Madison we simply call this commitment
the Wisconsin idea the ethos of
conservation and community building is
in the DNA of every course we offer that
is science the research that we do on
campus rolls out into communities and
meets a public commitment but also
hearing about their weather stories and
learning from their experiences I just
like building this relationship with
communities doesn't stop at the borders
of our state we hope that by engaging
our growing community of international
MOOC learners that we can learn from one
another continuing to develop unique
points of view on diverse topics from
energy production to global health to
Shakespeare's Hamlet and hunting in the
North Woods of Wisconsin MOOCs
complement the teaching and learning
that happens here on our campus and make
the UW experience available to new
learners around the world taking the
research and the conversations that are
happening here and opening them to a
wider broader audience not just in the
state of Wisconsin but around the globe
and bringing them together
part of sustainability is understanding
how local actions have a global impact
and vice versa and so I'm hoping that
part of this course can help fill this
knowledge gap and help connect
participants around the world these
MOOCs are meant to present the massive
choices we all face in our rapidly
changing world and we look forward to
starting some massive conversations with
on Wisconsin
you